The Qin family just used connections
Blocked our domestic partners
But let's think differently.
Expand overseas partners
What is overseas?
I have already contacted overseas partners.
Huanyu Group
They have more money than hard work
These are the terms of cooperation I have negotiated
Please take a look.
Although the contract
Add the cost of exporting overseas to the order.
Profits plummeted
But ah!
He can solve the crisis of the industry at any time
As long as you approve
I can follow up.
Okay, okay, okay, so to speak.
Our Ye family is saved
Don't be too happy, everyone.
What if the night court doesn't finish?
Then we will completely anger the Qin family
Lose the opportunity to join the Qin family
By then, our Ye family will really be finished
This
Shall we take a gamble?
What are you betting on?
The stakes are simple
If we hadn't partnered with Universal Group
Wanting
Willing to give up all his shares in the night market group
OK
If we succeed
you
Also hand over all your shares in the night market group
Qin Shao's power spreads all over the world
I want to bypass Qin Shao to find overseas cooperation
Dream well
I'll bet you.
What did you say?
Viper paid off the Ye family's debt
Who are you looking for?
Viper and Shen Yan are both fine and about to wear a pair of pants
This bastard
My family business was terminated some time ago
Our mom must be watching newbies
How to mix
Let's forget about that.
Now there's something more important.
Didn't you say you cut off the life of the Ye family?
Ye Wanting
Now go to the overseas enterprise Huanyu Group to discuss cooperation
I heard that the contract is about to be signed
The priority now is to stop them from robbing
You are like this
Find a way
See if you can do something with the contract